{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-RegularItalic_opsz110000_YAXS1A33333_wght2580000;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Description\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Paylocity is an award-winning provider of cloud-based HR and payroll software solutions, offering the most complete platform for the modern workforce. The company has become one of the fastest-growing HCM software providers worldwide by offering an intuitive, easy-to-use product suite that helps businesses automate and streamline HR and payroll processes, attract and retain talent, and build a strong workplace culture.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 While traditional HR and payroll providers automate basic HR processes such as payroll and benefits administration, Paylocity goes further by developing tools that HR and businesses need to compete for talent and deliver against the expectations of the modern workforce.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 When you feel like you belong, work is no longer work \'96 it's personal. At Paylocity, we believe better employees lead to better companies. Workplaces and cultures that 
\f2\i\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 care
\f1\i0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2  will build the future, and at Paylocity, we\'92re doing just that. Join us as we change the future and transform your career!\cb1 \
\
\cb3 There are jobs and then there are 
\f3\i \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 careers
\f1\i0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 . Since 1997, Paylocity has been hiring talented people, giving them big challenges, and providing the right resources to help them succeed. Our award-winning culture ensures all employees feel truly welcome, appreciated, and free to be themselves. While other companies talk about it, we make it happen. Join Paylocity and launch your career!\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 Fully Remote:
\f1\b0  This is a fully remote position, allowing you to work from home or location of record within the Philippines with no in-office requirements. You must be available five days per week during designated work hours. The work arrangement for this role is subject to change based on business needs and individual performance. This may include adjustments to on-site requirements or schedule expectations, as necessary.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 About The Team\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Our AML Operations Team plays a critical role in safeguarding the company from financial crime and reputational risk. The team is responsible for identifying suspicious behavior, preventing illicit activities like money laundering and fraud, and ensuring compliance with regulatory obligations. AML Operations works cross-functionally with Product, Engineering, Fraud, Legal, and Customer Success to design and implement effective controls, conduct investigations, and support regulatory reporting.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 This is a fast-paced, mission-driven environment where curiosity, vigilance, and precision are key. If you thrive on data-driven problem solving and making meaningful impact in financial security, you\'92ll feel right at home with us.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 About The Role\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\

\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We are seeking a detail-oriented and proactive AML Analyst to join our Risk & Compliance team. In this role, you will be responsible for monitoring, investigating, and reporting suspicious activities to ensure compliance with Anti-Money Laundering (AML) regulations and internal policies. You will leverage modern risk management tools and data analytics to help identify and mitigate financial crime risks across the organization.\cb1 \
\

\f0\b \cb3 What You Will Do\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Monitor and review alerts, transactions, and customer behavior for potential money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or other suspicious activity.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Conduct enhanced due diligence (EDD), suspicious activity investigations, and file SARs/STRs where necessary.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Utilize risk and fraud detection tools such as Sardine, GIACT, Experian, and Fullstory to conduct investigations and gather intelligence.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Collaborate with the Fraud, Legal, Product, and Customer Experience teams to identify and close gaps in AML controls.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Analyze large sets of transaction and user data using SQL to identify anomalous patterns or trends.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Assist in the development and tuning of AML monitoring rules, thresholds, and logic for better alert efficiency.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Prepare internal reports and documentation for audits, regulatory inquiries, and management reviews.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Stay informed on the latest industry trends, typologies, and changes in regulatory requirements.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Support ongoing process improvements and assist with the implementation of new compliance tools and systems.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 What You Will Bring\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bachelor\'92s degree in Criminal Justice, Finance, Accounting, Business Administration, or a related field.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Minimum 2 years of hands-on AML, fraud, or financial crime investigations experience in a regulated financial institution or fintech environment.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Proficiency in SQL and the ability to perform data extraction and analysis.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Familiarity with relevant regulations such as the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), USA PATRIOT Act, and FinCEN guidelines.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and documentation skills.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Strong written and verbal communication skills.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Preferred Qualifications (Huge Plus)\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AML certifications such as CAMS (Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist) or equivalent.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience using AML and fraud detection tools such as Sardine, GIACT, Experian, and Fullstory.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience with case management systems and rule-based alert engines.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Knowledge of cryptocurrency, payments, or digital banking AML risks.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Experience working with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced startup or fintech environment.\cb1 \
}