{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Operations Director Position: Part-time employee, 20 hours weekly Reports to: Co-Founder & CEO, Francie Genz Supervision: none Location: Remote (U.S.) Travel: None Compensation: $50\'9665/hour, depending on experience About Formation Formation is a national consulting organization that helps leaders act with clarity and confidence to create inclusive, durable economic growth. We work with regions to confront big questions that transcend silos and demand cross-sector solutions. Our projects span regional economic strategy, workforce and educational system alignment, and the energy transition. We work deeply with clients in regions and also build national networks of practitioners and write publications for national audiences to shape the field. We\'92re a team of five, led by founders Francie Genz and Ryan Donahue, but we regularly partner with a range of other consultants and organizations. Our work, in other words, is more complex and wide-ranging than the size of the firm might suggest. About the Role The Operations Director keeps Formation\'92s work running smoothly, bringing structure, creativity, and foresight into the firm\'92s daily rhythm. This person will own core business operations, spanning finance, communications, project and event planning and internal team coordination and work closely with the partners to strengthen Formation\'92s operational foundation as the firm grows. It\'92s a hands-on role, but one that calls for judgment, initiative, and a sense of the bigger picture. This is a part-time position (20\'9625 hours/week) ideal for someone who enjoys designing and improving systems, managing details with precision and helping a growing and ambitious firm stay focused and productive. Key Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The Operations Director will coordinate and provide financial and operational support for the growing needs of the organization including but not limited to: Finance & Administration \'95 Manage and track budgets, cash flow, and project-level financials. \'95 Prepare and send invoices; track vendor payments and receivables. \'95 Coordinate payroll, benefits, and reimbursements (with accountant support). \'95 Maintain vendor and subcontractor agreements and compliance documentation. \'95 Support quarterly and annual financial reviews with leadership. Project Coordination & Tracking \'95 Maintain systems for tracking project milestones and deliverables. \'95 Support partners with meeting logistics and client engagement planning. Creative & Communications Support \'95 Produce polished documents and presentations in Canva, PowerPoint, and Google Workspace. \'95 Ensure consistency in branding and design across reports, proposals, and client materials. Process Development & Systems Improvement \'95 Identify areas where consultants rely on intuition or ad hoc routines and help design clear, repeatable systems (e.g., for document management, project scoping, and deliverable workflows). \'95 Prepare a concise weekly digest summarizing key decisions, priorities and upcoming needs across projects and firm operations. \'95 Track follow up actions from meetings and maintain visibility into progress across the firm\'92s portfolio. \'95 Document and refine internal processes as the firm grows. Events & Team Coordination \'95 Plan and execute small events such as workshops, client retreats, and offsites. \'95 Coordinate logistics, materials, and post-event follow-up. Qualifications \'95 3-5 years of experience in operations, finance, or project coordination (consulting or professional services experience preferred). \'95 Strong proficiency in financial tools (e.g., QuickBooks, Excel, or similar). \'95 Skilled in document and presentation design (Canva, PowerPoint, Google Workspace). \'95 Excellent communication, organization, and time management skills. \'95 A proactive, systems-minded collaborator who combines structure with adaptability and creativity. \'95 Interest in economic development, public policy, or mission-driven work. The Right Candidate You\'92re the kind of person who makes complex work feel simple. You see how all the moving parts fit together and enjoy creating systems that enable work to flow smoothly. You see both the details and the system, and you take pride in making things work better every week. You\'92re calm under pressure, direct in communication, receptive to feedback and comfortable balancing multiple priorities in a dynamic, values-driven environment. To Apply Please submit a PDF cover letter and resume to Francie Genz at francie@formation.works by December 1st.}